//
2.A clear statement of the specific research problem(s) addressed in your paper.

The research problem is clustering large-scale and rapidly changing "streaming" graphs where the updates to a graph are given in form of a stream of vertex or edge additions and deletions. 

The algorithm in the paper is proposed to solve the clustering problem and also satisfies 3 optimization requirements:
a). should be easy to parallize for multi-core environments
b). should hancle massive inputs (low overall space complexity)
c). should handle high throughput streams (low time complexity per update or query)

//
3.A clear statement of the specific result(s) claimed in your paper.

The paper tests on 4 data sets:
1). cit-HepPh. Its number of vertices keeps increasing.
2). web-NotreDame.
3). replies. It is very sparse and does not cluster well even with METIS.
4). DNS Edges. It contains lots of duplicate edges at different timestamps.

The paper shows results in 3 aspects:

a).Quality

The paper tests 4 datasets above on the Structural Sampler, METIS, and AZY, with different clustering group size bounds B, while fixing sampling-threadshold parameter p at 1. The results shows the cut-size quality of the Structural Sampler is almost as well as METIS, which is assumed to be close to the best clustering. But it performs worse than AZY. 

b).Performance

The paper tests cit-HepPh and web-NotreDame on the Structural Sampler and METIS, with different values of Query/UpdateRatio. 
The throughput out-performs METIS more than 3 orders of magnitude. The advantage is more significant with the increasing Query/UpdateRatio. 

The paper tests DNS Edges and web-NotreDame on the Structural Sampler and METIS, with different clustering size bounds B, while fixing Query/UpdateRatio at 0.5. 
The throughput out-performs METIS more than 3 orders of magnitude. 
METIS gives almost the same throughput for different values of B while the performance of the Structural Sampler decreases as the cluster bound increases. 

c).Tuning experiments on different sampling-threadshold parameter p

The paper tests throughput on cit-HepPh and DNS Edges with the Structural Sampler and METIS. 
The effect of sampling threshold on METIS is very limited but actually it gives the same trend as the Structural Sampler approach. They all show that a lower sampling threshold increases performance. 

The paper tests cut-size quality on cit-HepPh and DNS Edges with the Structural Sampler, METIS, and AZY.
For both METIS and the Structural Sampler, applying a lower sampling threshold could bring a worse clustering quality. However, the AZY is almostly not influenced by low sampling threashold. 





